Add trello and supabase tools (#2)
gptscript-ai/tools: apis/trello/README.md

# Trello API Tool

This is a set of GPTScript tools to interact with the Trello API.

## Prerequisite

You need generate a Trello API token [here](https://trello.com/1/authorize?expiration=never&scope=read,write,account&response_type=token&key=aabf1a5f6af0a2e5c4c3807b4d3ccbc8). You will be automatically prompted for this information when you are running the tool.

## Quick Start

Create a new file called `agent.gpt` with this as the contents:

```
Tools: github.com/gptscript-ai/tools/apis/trello
Chat: true

Please help me with my Trello workspace.
```

> Then, run it with `gptscript agent.gpt`. You will be prompted for your API key, and after providing it, you will be able to chat with the large language model and have it perform actions for you in Trello.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, run it with `gptscript agent.gpt`. You'll be prompted to enter your API key; once you provide it, you'll be able to chat with the large language model and have it perform actions for you in Trello.
```

# Trello API Tool

> 
> This project provides a set of tools to interact with the Trello API, making it easier to manage your Trello boards, cards, and organizations.
> 
> ## Getting Started
> 
> ### Prerequisites
> 
> To use this tool, you need to have the following credentials:
> 
> 1. **Trello API Token**: You need to authenticate and generate a token using the following URL:
>    ```
>    https://trello.com/1/authorize?expiration=never&scope=read,write,account&response_type=token&key=aabf1a5f6af0a2e5c4c3807b4d3ccbc8
>    ```
>    You will be automatically prompted for this information when you are running the tool.
> 
> ### Quick Start
> 
> ```bash
> gptscript github.com/gptscript-ai/trello-assistant
> ```
> 
> ### Tools
> 
> The following tools are examples that available to interact with the Trello API:
> 
> - **post-cards**: Create new cards on a Trello board.
> - **delete-cards-id**: Delete a card by its ID.
> - **get-boards-id-cards**: Retrieve all cards on a specific board.
> - **get-organizations-id-boards**: Retrieve all boards in a specific organization.
> - **get-members-id-organizations**: Retrieve all organizations a member belongs to.
> 
> You can use all the API availiable in openapi.yaml as long as you know the operationID. For more details, check [here](https://docs.gptscript.ai/examples/api)
> 
> ### Usage Examples
> 
> You can use these tools to perform various actions on your Trello account. Below are some examples:
> 
> #### Create a New Card
> 
> To create a new card on a Trello board, use the `post-cards` tool. You will need to provide the board ID and the card details.
> 
> #### Delete a Card
> 
> To delete a card by its ID, use the `delete-cards-id` tool. You will need to provide the card ID.
> 
> #### Retrieve All Cards on a Board
> 
> To retrieve all cards on a specific board, use the `get-boards-id-cards` tool. You will need to provide the board ID.
> 
> #### Retrieve All Boards in an Organization
> 
> To retrieve all boards in a specific organization, use the `get-organizations-id-boards` tool. You will need to provide the organization ID.
> 
> #### Retrieve All Organizations a Member Belongs To
> 
> To retrieve all organizations a member belongs to, use the `get-members-id-organizations` tool. You will need to provide the member ID. To get the current user's organizations, use "me" as the ID.
> 
> ## Contributing
> 
> If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Trello API Tool

This is a set of GPTScript tools to interact with the Trello API.

## Prerequisite

You need generate a Trello API token [here](https://trello.com/1/authorize?expiration=never&scope=read,write,account&response_type=token&key=aabf1a5f6af0a2e5c4c3807b4d3ccbc8). You will be automatically prompted for this information when you are running the tool.

## Quick Start

Create a new file called `agent.gpt` with this as the contents:

```
Tools: github.com/gptscript-ai/tools/apis/trello
Chat: true

Please help me with my Trello workspace.
```

Then, run it with `gptscript agent.gpt`. You will be prompted for your API key, and after providing it, you will be able to chat with the large language model and have it perform actions for you in Trello.

## Tools

These are some of the tools available to the LLM when you use this tool set:

- **post-cards**: Create new cards on a Trello board.
- **delete-cards-id**: Delete a card by its ID.
- **get-boards-id-cards**: Retrieve all cards on a specific board.
- **get-organizations-id-boards**: Retrieve all boards in a specific organization.
- **get-members-id-organizations**: Retrieve all organizations a member belongs to.
```
